# Question Statement

I would like you to use an Ackermann model of a robot that is 35f t long and 10f t wide
(this is a standard US Firetruck) and run a few simple experiments with it. Please
upload your resulting figures and Python (or other) code:

- A) (5 points) Make a list of commands (at 2Hz) that will allow this robot to traverse
  along the edge of an 18m radius circle. The robot starts off in the center of the circle
  (0,0). Plot the resulting path (x, y) and trajectory (x, y, and angular velocities).
  Assume a constant velocity of 8m/s. Graduate Students: You cannot leave
  the circle’s border.
- B) (5 points) Do the same as the above for an equivalent skid-steer vehicle. Graduate
  Students: You still cannot leave the circle’s border. Mwahaha
- C) (10 points) Your Skid Steer vehicle (with the same dimensions as described for the
  skid steer), is driving on a circle of radius 9m. Assume that you begin on the edge
  of the circle. Calculate the positional error with our computational approximation
  using the forward Euler method, as referred to in the course notes and illustrated
  in Reading 2, eq. 1.6. Graph the errors and computing time for three different
  time-steps (∆t = 1, 0.1, 0.01), error is defined as the absolute distance between the
  expected (from equations) to real x, y position (defined analytically) over time.
  Brief notes on what this problem is about: Imagine that you are moving a semi-truck
  and you have GPS positions (somewhat accurate) and an internal prediction model.
  We want the internal models to be updated based on ”ground truth” information
  to build better estimates of the vehicle motion over time.
