# A

For this section I deployed the Faster R-CNN model. It can be found in the directory FasterRCNN, to run the classification create a virtual environment (python3 -m venv .venv) and install everything in the tf2/requirements.txt file. Then run the following command:
python -m tf2.FasterRCNN --load-from=./fasterrcnn_tf2.h5 --predict-all-directory=./grocerystore

The results will be saved in the FasterRCNN/detections directory. I have already pushed all the output to the repo so you can see the results there without running the code.

# B
I have deployed both versions of yolo, they can be found in the directories yolov5/8. For the yolo version I implemented both image classification and object detection, there are separate files to run and output directories for each of these functions.

For yolov5 you must first again create a .venv and install the requirements in the requirements.txt file. Then run the following command: detect.py for detection or ./classify/predict.py. The results will be stored in ./runs/detect/detections and ./runs/predict-cls/classifications respectively.

For yolov8 you must first again create a .venv and install the requirements in the requirements.txt file. Then run the following command: detect.py for detection or ./classify.py. The results will be stored in ./ultralytics/detections and ./ultralytics/classifications respectively. Again I have already run the programs and the results are in the repo for you to view.

# C
I deployed the yolov8 model on the raspberry pi with a subset of the images. 

On my laptop (12GB ram, 11th gen intel i5-1135G7 @ 2.40GHz) the subset was classified at 3.97 frames per second and 16.11% cpu usage. 

On the raspberry pi 3 the performance was 0.08 frames per second and 73.51% cpu usage.

A chart comparing the performance between the two devices can be found under ./Q8/PerformanceComparison.png